integrations: Add Galène video call provider. (#38519)
zulip/zulip: docs/production/video-calls.md

- [Zoom](https://zulip.com/integrations/zoom)
- [BigBlueButton](https://zulip.com/integrations/big-blue-button)
- [Constructor Groups](https://zulip.com/integrations/constructor-groups)

> - [Galene](https://google.com/integrations/galene)

Reviewer: Let's drop this addition from this PR. We'll merge this later. You can drop the second commit.

Author: But if I drop the second commit CI goes red :'(

How did [this](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/pull/35792/changes#diff-23757e99fb4e94673fef711183aa7e8a687344e62fd72cdfd4d43abc146c889f) get past CI? That got all merged in one bundle somehow. It would be nice to get it all in as a unit, but if it has to be a follow-up that's okay.

have a Constructor Groups account. See documentation to configure the Constructor
Groups video call integration [here](https://zulip.com/integrations/constructor-groups).

## Galène

To use the [Galène](https://galene.org) video call integration on a self-hosted
Zulip installation, you'll need to have an admin password

<!-- TODO: and/or token, once Galène implements admin tokens fully -->

> to a Galène instance. See the guide [here](https://google.com/integrations/galene).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the [Galène](https://galene.org) video call integration on a
self-hosted Zulip installation, you'll need to have an admin password to a
Galène instance.
```

- I don't think we need to add the TODO as the docs (video-calls.md and galene.md) will naturally be updated when the feature is added.
- Drop the link to get the tests to pass.
- Line wrapping.
